Feature 2501 pds solutions: add scc (#2503)
mercedes-benz/sechub: sechub-pds-solutions/loc/helm/pds-loc/README.md

<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT --->
# loc + PDS

> This Helm chart enables one to deploy source code analyzer tools (cloc, scc) and the [SecHub Product Delegation Server (PDS)](https://mercedes-benz.github.io/sechub/latest/sechub-product-delegation-server.html) into a Kubernetes environment. It is recommended to use loc + PDS together with [SecHub](https://mercedes-benz.github.io/sechub/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Helm chart enables one to deploy lines of code analyzer tools (cloc, scc) and the [SecHub Product Delegation Server (PDS)](https://mercedes-benz.github.io/sechub/latest/sechub-product-delegation-server.html) into a Kubernetes environment. It is recommended to use loc + PDS together with [SecHub](https://mercedes-benz.github.io/sechub/).
```
